If I don't come
You can't hold this apprenticeship banquet
How dare you insult my master?
I want you to kneel down and admit your mistake immediately
Hmm, I can still consider letting you get out of here
Let me kneel down and admit my mistake
Can you afford it?
Fine, I'll break your limbs
Take it to the master to apologize
Have you thought about it?
If he really hits me
Not only will your arms be short
You may even be expelled from the sect
You only blame the shot
Our Jiang family will stand in the courtroom
Thank you Jiang Shao
I will definitely go through fire and water for Jiang Shao
Even if you don't do it
Your master will also take action
Our Jiang family has invited three great masters
Destroy the Chen family
I'm afraid this kid has heard the grapevine
I came here specially to ask Li Sheng to raise his hand
Humph
The ball is indeed a ball
It's just your master's feet
I have to act tough when I'm about to die
I see if you will pretend to be tough later
Dream away
Ah do
He broke my arm
Quickly go to Master Shen
I'm going to be half my cigarette
Master this garbage
Unkind to you
You call the shots for Wei Tu'er
He also plotted against me
Goddamn eldest son
My master is angry
Wait to die ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
Ahhhh!
Occasionally late
Let the master's assistant invite the master as a guest